add lima template for coder (#2452)
coder/coder: examples/lima/README.md

---
name: Run Coder in Lima
description: Quickly stand up Coder using Lima
tags: [local, docker, vm, lima]
---

# Lima VM Template

> This provides a [Lima](https://github.com/lima-vm/lima) template for Coder.

Author: ```suggestion
This provides a sample [Lima](https://github.com/lima-vm/lima) configuration for Coder.
```
